We've now taken a look twice at this style of asynchronous communication.
And at this point, you probably have some really burning questions.
So in this video, I want to go over some questions I think you might have and some possible answers.
The first thing you might be thinking is something like, wait a minute, Steven.
You're saying that if we have two types of resources, so in our case, both in comments, if we want
to serve up that information effectively, we have to create a third service.
No, that is not what I'm saying at all.
We are not always going to be creating extra services just for the sole purpose of joining data together.
In reality, if we were actually building this sort of blog application, well, this blog application
would be part of a larger scheme of resources or a larger application.
In reality, we would probably put this idea of posts and comments together in the same service so we
could join that data together at the code level rather than at the service level by creating a third
service.
So what we're doing right now, this is solely for learning purposes.
This is just to help expose you to these ideas of how we can have information stored in multiple services
and eventually kind of replicate that data or make use of it in one single location.
So I'm not advocating that you create an extra service for every last join of data that you need.
Second big question you might have.
I've been saying many times that these services are independent and if one crashes, the others stay
alive.
You might say, who cares?
How often are these services going to be crashing?
Well, at this point in the course, I haven't really gone into a lot of reasons on why you would use
microservices in the first place.
To be totally honest with you, I'm kind of assuming that if you're in this course, you've already
done at least a little bit of research and you might have an idea of why you want to use microservices.
One of the big reasons that we use microservices is the possibility of increasing the overall reliability
of our system.
That's a huge driving force in why we use microservices.
So the fact that we can make these things independent and keep the vast majority of our application
running, even if some part of it goes down.
That's a huge driving force in why we are here learning about microservices in the first place.
Okay.
Third thing you might be saying.
Okay, this is way too complicated for the tiny bit of benefit that we get.
We're having to create entire new projects just to support these very basic data queries.
And I know it seems that way now.
I know this entire event style architecture might seem really complicated and challenging, but it really
just seems like that at this point.
We're going to very shortly start to add in another feature to the project.
So the one we're working on right now.
And by taking this kind of event style architecture, adding in this additional feature is going to
actually be somewhat darn easy compared to if we were using a monolith or possibly some kind of synchronous
style of communication.
So I know it seems like this is way over the top right now, but it turns out that some things down
the line start to get a little bit easier.
The last thing I want to mention here is that at this point, if you are really starting to think through
this architecture, you might be starting to say, Hey, Steven, wait.
This system is going to work in this scenario.
Or what if this event occurs and that event?
Or what about this quarter case over here?
Just to be clear, there are definitely some super special corner cases that you and I need to be concerned
about or very special scenarios.
When we start using this event based architecture, we are going to take a deep look at some of these
problems and I mean a deep look later on inside the course.
And if you don't see anything wrong with this current approach, hey, don't sweat it.
It's something you really have to think about for a pretty long time before we start to realize where
things start might start to go wrong again.
If you see some stuff that looks a little bit funny right now, don't sweat it.
We're going to go over a lot of possible cases later on and we have solutions for a lot of them.
I'm not going to say like every possible solution, I'm sure you could think of some things that are
going to go wrong that I have not thought of.
But again, on that big application we're going to work on later, we're going to look at a lot of these
different corner cases.
Okay.
So that's it.
Just want to go over a couple of questions and answers that you might have had.
So with all that in mind, let's take a pause right here.
We're going to start to implement this new query service.
We're going to start to set up this event bus and then have all these services communicating with each
other via events in the next video.